docs(configuration): add options.dependencies (#4595)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/other-options.md

W> `cache.idleTimeoutForInitialStore` is only available when [`cache.store`](#cachestore) is set to `'pack'`

## dependencies

`[string]`

> It is an array of [`name`](#name) of other configurations in the same array of configuration. All dependencies need to be compiled before this configuration starts compiling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of [`name`](#name) defining all sibling configurations it depends on. Dependent configurations need to be compiled first.
```

> In watch mode dependencies will invalidate the compiler when the dependency has changed and when a dependency is currently compiling or invalid this config will not compile until the dependency is done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In watch mode dependencies will invalidate the compiler when:

 1. the dependency has changed
 2. a dependency is currently compiling or invalid
 
Remember that this configuration will not compile until the dependency is done.
```
